This document is to be used as a guide for this group to utilize git for the project marvel-explorer.

Each coding item to be done will be broken down into the smallest work step possible and assigned as an issue.
If it is part of the MVP it will begin with the letter M.   This is a capitol to remain consistent.
  - If this is a Front-End specific task it will be Mf.  Back-end specific Mb will be the front code.
If it is a stretch goal it will be begin with the letter S.  This is a capitol to remain consistent.  Stretch goals will NOT be broken down to smaller issues until the MVP goals are finished for the sake of efficency.

Each of the goals will be assigned a number following the capitol designator.    
If it turns out the issue is too big it will be broken down into smaller issues referencing the original issue.



Our full team will be having a minimun of 2 big group meets per day to discuss plans, roadblocks, and concerns/achievements.  Once in the morning and Once at end of day to have a controlled merge. 

Our project will be deployed once per day with the most updated complete unbroken code.

Branch system Master>dev>issue branches(M#, Mf#, Mb#, or S#)


Git Flow:

1) Select an issue form the git issue list and assign it to yourself.   
2) git checkout -b M#  (branch name will be the same as issue name)
3) Begin work.  When something is working: Add and commit.
4) when an issue is complete ACP
5) Create a pull request. (DO NOT MERGE ANY BY THE PERSON WHO WROTE THE CODE)  
6) Repeat steps 1-5 until group has 5 total ull requests.

Teams will commit what they have and begin merging standing pull requests to the development branch as a group.   All merge conflicts will be handled with the person who is merging the branch and the person who wrote the code.  The person who merges will close the issue.   At the afternoon switch  or any meetings discussions will be had for issue assessment and where our group stands.  

Group will pull new develoment branch and begin with issues again off of a clean base.


If there ends up being a divergent head situation with someone (WHICH SHOULD NOT HAPPEN) we will fire bomb their repository and pull down fresh.  
